•  What is React Js?
   React is framework javascript developed by the facebook.
   React is devloped single page Application.


• What is NPM in React Js?
  NPM is short for node package manager, an online directory that 
  contains the various already registered open-source packages. 
  NPM modules consume the various functions as a third-party package 
  when installed into an app using the NPM command npm install .


•  What is Role of Node Js in react Js?
   Node is the most popular platform for hosting and running web servers 
   for React apps. After all, using NPM (Node Package Manager), you can 
   install any package with NPM command-line interface CLI. 


•  What is CLI command In React Js?
   ReactCLI is a ReactJS component that provides a simple way to present a 
   command line interface to your user in your web app.
  
   
•  What is Components in React Js?
   The component-based approach was introduced to build entire application into
   a small logical group of code, which is known as components.
   A Component is considered as the core building blocks of a React application.


•  What is Header and Content Components in React Js?
   Headers are compositions that extend standard navbar functionalities. 
   They contain additional components like a jumbotron, sub-navbar, or 
   image covers which serve as a containers for extra navigation elements - 
   usually links, forms, or call-to-action buttons.


•  How to install React Js on Windows, linux Operating System?
    node -v.
    npm -v.
    cd my-app npm start.
    update-linux-package. sudo apt-get update.
    nodesource-package. cd ~ curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_10.x -o nodesource_setup.sh.
    run-download-script. sudo bash nodesource_setup.sh.
    install-node. ...
    node-version.
    How to install NPM and How to check version of NPM?


• How to check version of React Js?
     npm list for local packages or npm list -g for globally installed packages.
     npm list --depth=0.
     npm list | sls <package name>
     node -v.


• How to change in components of React Js?
  Create an ES6 class, with the same name, that extends React.Component. Add a single empty method to 
  it called render().Move the body of the function into the render() method.
  